README.md, before:

Rainbow 0.0.2
=============

Version

    0.0.2 -adapted code for dart2js
	  -deployed to [GAppsEngine](https://rainbow-dart.appspot.com)
  Dart Color Theme Editor

    Use [Rainbow](https://rainbow-dart.appspot.com) online
	or
    follow instructions for local version

HOW TO RUN
----------

   1. Download and extract the latest version 
   2. Open its root folder in Dart Editor
   3. pub get on pubspec.yaml
   4. run rainbow.html via Dart Editor 

*******************************************************************************************
HOW TO USE
----------

   Import
   ------
   
    You can import existing (eclipse/dart) xml theme files
     
    -click "chose file"
    -select file
    -click ok 

   Export
   ------
   
    You can export the dart theme xml
    
    -enter author (not needed)
    -enter theme Name (required)
    -click "export"

   Interconnection
   ---------------
   
    The code and the theme attributes are linked
    
    if you click on an element inside the code, 
    it highlights the according attribute options

    while hovering over the attribute options,
    all connected code elements will ba surrounded by a red box 

   Toogle unused options
   ---------------------
   
    Toggle attributes that I found from xml files 
    but whre I could not think of good code samples   
   
    If you can think of code samples for unused attributes 
    I would be happy to add them
   
   Wired keywords in dart and eclipse??
   ------------------------------------
   
    Some keywords like setter and getter are not used by Dart Editor,
    even though these types do exist.
    
    I dont like the linking between html tags and dart variables
   
    if anyone knows who to talk to about that, let me please know. 
    

*******************************************************************************************

TODO
----
    -improve
     
Please let me know about bugs you find and or improvements/features you would like to see in future.

ENJOY & BE NICE ;)

Commit message:

update rainbow to 0.0.3
fixed moving text on hover
dont show options for foreground

README.md, after:

Rainbow 0.0.3
=============

Version

   0.0.3 -fixed moving text on hover
   0.0.2 -adapted code for dart2js
         -deployed to [GAppsEngine](https://rainbow-dart.appspot.com)
  Dart Color Theme Editor

   Use [Rainbow](https://rainbow-dart.appspot.com) online
	or
   follow instructions for local version

HOW TO RUN
----------

   1. Download and extract the latest version 
   2. Open its root folder in Dart Editor
   3. pub get on pubspec.yaml
   4. run rainbow.html via Dart Editor 

*******************************************************************************************
HOW TO USE
----------

   Import
   ------
   
    You can import existing (eclipse/dart) xml theme files
     
    -click "chose file"
    -select file
    -click ok 

   Export
   ------
   
    You can export the dart theme xml
    
    -enter author (not needed)
    -enter theme Name (required)
    -click "export"

   Interconnection
   ---------------
   
    The code and the theme attributes are linked
    
    if you click on an element inside the code, 
    it highlights the according attribute options

    while hovering over the attribute options,
    all connected code elements will ba surrounded by a red box 

   Toogle unused options
   ---------------------
   
    Toggle attributes that I found from xml files 
    but whre I could not think of good code samples   
   
    If you can think of code samples for unused attributes 
    I would be happy to add them
   
   Wired keywords in dart and eclipse??
   ------------------------------------
   
    Some keywords like setter and getter are not used by Dart Editor,
    even though these types do exist.
    
    I dont like the linking between html tags and dart variables
   
    if anyone knows who to talk to about that, let me please know. 
    

*******************************************************************************************

TODO
----
    -improve
     
Please let me know about bugs you find and or improvements/features you would like to see in future.

ENJOY & BE NICE ;)
